<div class="stackedit__html"><h1 id="asterisk">Asterisk</h1>
<p><em>Generating Training Data made Easy</em></p>
<p>Asterisk is a framework to generate high-quality training datasets at scale. Instead of relying on the end users to write user-defined heuristics, the proposed approach exploits a small set of labeled data and automatically produces a set of heuristics to assign initial labels. In this phase, the system applies an iterative process of creating, testing, and ranking heuristics in each, and every, iteration to only accommodate high-quality heuristics. Then, Asterisk examines the disagreements between these heuristics to model their accuracies. In order to enhance the quality of the generated labels, the framework improves the accuracies of the heuristics by applying a novel data-driven AL process. During the process, the system examines the generated weak labels along with the modeled accuracies of the heuristics to help the learner decide on the points for which the user should provide true labels. The process aims at enhancing the accuracy, and the coverage of the training data while engaging the user in the loop to execute the enhancement process. Therefore, by incorporating the underlying data representation, the user is only queried about the points that are expected to enhance the overall labeling quality. Then, the true labels provided by the users are used to refine the initial labels generated by the heuristics.</p>
<h1 id="installation">Installation</h1>
<p>To install Asterisk, you can use <code>pip</code>:</p>
<p><em>pip install asterisk</em></p>
</div>
